README.md, before:

# HydroXplorer Web App

![stability-stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-stable-green.svg)

This project aims to develop a web application to help firefighters determine the areas covered with existing and planned hydrants. The application:

1. Identifies accessible zones utilizing hydrant location or natural water sources.

2. Pinpoints nearby water sources for firefighting purposes.

3. Calculates elevation disparities between the fire location and surrounding water sources.


## Installation

To create the environemt needed for running the application we use conda:
```
conda create -n hydroxplorer-app python=3.10
conda activate hydroxplorer-app
pip install -r src/requirements.txt
```

If you want to create a docker image of our application follow the steps described [here](https://github.com/DSSGxMunich/hydroxplorer-web-app/blob/main/src/DOCKER_README.md).

## Running the application locally
Simply open a terminal and from within your environment, type:
```
python src/app.py
```

Commit message:

Updated documentation homepage. Added app link to Git README.

README.md, after:

# HydroXplorer Web App

![stability-stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-stable-green.svg)

This project aims to develop a web application to help firefighters determine the areas covered with existing and planned hydrants. The application:

1. Identifies accessible zones utilizing hydrant location or natural water sources.

2. Pinpoints nearby water sources for firefighting purposes.

3. Calculates elevation disparities between the fire location and surrounding water sources.

## Running the web application

You can access the web application [here](http://hydroxplorer.dssgxmunich.org).

## Documentation

Check out the [documentation for the application](https://hydroxplorer-web-app.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Installation

To create the environemt needed for running the application we use conda:
```
conda create -n hydroxplorer-app python=3.10
conda activate hydroxplorer-app
pip install -r src/requirements.txt
```

If you want to create a docker image of our application follow the steps described [here](https://github.com/DSSGxMunich/hydroxplorer-web-app/blob/main/src/DOCKER_README.md).

## Running the application locally
Simply open a terminal and from within your environment, type:
```
python src/app.py
```
